Added "168.63.129.16 isn't resolved by reverse DNS lookup" on what-is… (#123131)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-network/what-is-ip-address-168-63-129-16.md

  By default DNS communication isn't subject to the configured network security groups unless targeted using the [AzurePlatformDNS](../virtual-network/service-tags-overview.md#available-service-tags) service tag. To block DNS traffic to Azure DNS through NSG, create an outbound rule to deny traffic to [AzurePlatformDNS](../virtual-network/service-tags-overview.md#available-service-tags). Specify **"Any"** as **"Source"**, **"*"** as **"Destination port ranges"**, **"Any"** as protocol and **"Deny"** as action.

>   In addition, 168.63.129.16 isn't resolved by reverse DNS lookup, which means that you cannot get any FQDN if you would want to get the FQDN using reverse lookup commands such as `host`, `nslookup`, or `dig -x` with 168.63.129.16. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Additionally, the IP address 168.63.129.16 does not support reverse DNS lookup. This means if you try to retrieve the Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) using reverse lookup commands like `host`, `nslookup`, or `dig -x` on 168.63.129.16, you won't receive any FQDN.
```
